# Udu
Written by Frbl 

## Summary
Udu also known as Cessàtyr was one of the Utopian warriors from the original Utopia Quest. After the hatching of the last Riding Eagle in her home; Tsu-Dali, Udu ventured from her village [[Awaenasal Tu-Dalv]] she sought to restore balance in the world with the hope that The Great Eagle would appreciate her work and restore the Riding Eagle species so that her people could continue to thrive in her mountain home. Along her quest though her companion Tsu-Dali was brutally killed by a freak skeleton dinosaur attack that many would say was CR innapropriate. Grief stricken Udu struck a deal with Pesmaenos sacrificing her soul to bring her best friend back from death. The Fallen god gladly accepted raising the once magnificent eagle as a zombie in a twisted fufilment of her wish. Realising this Udu used the last of her dwindling divine power granted by the great eagle to kill the shadow of her friend. Swearing vengeance Udu left the Utopian warriors to seek out pesmaenos travelling through the depths of tartarus, experiencing several eternities only to stand before the fallen god and weep as she realised she had sowed every seed she had reaped. She swore to use her new powers to further the cause of civilisation in hope that corruption would not torment anyone else into making the same mistakes she had. Rejoining the Utopian warriors she worked with them to stop the tide of undead pouring from the north and vanquish the world dragon.

After the great hordes of undeath were stopped Udu bade the great eagle restore the Great riding eagles of Aeaenasal Tu-Dalv and returned home but found that she could no longer fit peacefully into life at her home. She left and sought out more danger seeking the next horizon. The Legend of the Utopian warrior walking the wastes and destroying mutants and monsters grew and other glory seekers began to follow her into deaths grasp, it is suspected that during these reckless adventures the mortal Udu died only for her spirit to carry on the journey unyielding claiming every blood stained inch for the might of civilisation. This newfound order of Igualded, later referred to as Hel Knights, would herald their leader Cessàtyr who forged them into a blade to vanquish all that would oppose civilisation.

## History

### Awaenasal Tu-Dalv
Hstorians believe Udu was born 21BR, though without solid records from the grippli as to the particular planar signiture to assertain the exact date we can only make a best guess. Many of Udu's pond mates acclaimatised well to the lifestyle that was becoming all the more common for grippli gathering and trapping, hunting in the fae from the forest floor far too dangerous for a grippli without a quick getaway. It was then much to the chagrin of the current High pond tender that Udu would consistantly try hunt down the biggest of game with reckless abandon. When confronted she would claim that the wanderer guided her hand and the eagle watched her back whether this was the start of her divine gifts or rather the quick tongue of a child we don't know. What is clear from the legends surrounding Udu though is that on her Fortunes Pathday Udu refused to take the path of the trapper like was suggested to her instead she ascended to the old nesting grounds despite them being abandoned for years where she found a single hatchling Tsu-Dali. Sitting with and protecting the hatchling Udu gained the single trust of this legendary bird and the pair became inseperable. Even at this point she was quite the figure of popular gossip amongst her people but her journey would lead her to be cemented within grippli folklore for generations to come as on her 8th nameday she declared that Tsu-Dali and herself would journey from the home in the mountains after a dream where the eagle led her to a new clutch of eggs.

### Utopic Quest
I shall not write too much on this as I have already gone into it at great lengths. 

### A home the does not fit
After returning to Awaensal Tu-Dalv Udu did not seemingly fid into the lifestyle there any longer, some might speculate that she never fit into the lifestyle of her home people but this is hard to say (Especially since the grippli are some of the most cryptic amphibians I've ever had the displeasure to meet let me tell you that though I have more on this on my chapters on the peoples of Omnia)

### Post - Death (Cessàtyr)
Having in roads with the lord of [[Tyranous]] some would think would have its perks, but for udu this wasn't true or at least not directly. As much as Pesmaenos would have found it amusing to let udu struggle to the top for centuries, udu entered the realm of the dead willingly her soul bound for Tyranous. Having already familiarised herself with the magics of [[Tartarus]] It took udu three days to gather enough energy to barter with pesmaenos for her current position, the lord of crows claimed they were disapointed and expected them to do it in two.

The newly born Cessàtyr
