## Summary
- Daughter of [[Breithmaehut]]
- Know associates
	- [[Luna]] Daughter of Illuminir
	- [[celeste]] Son of Pesmaenos
	- Met [[Frbl]] in the [[trickster's dice]]
	- [[Elliopeth]] Daughter of Diatarachtos
	- handum and leizel wayright (adoptive parents)
- Fought against [[Uber Seccentium]]
- [[Zethe Game]]
- Unit code 3288Z
	- Alph-E unit 7528A

# Journey

## Beginnings

Raised in [[Petragenis]] by her adoptive parents, Leizel and Handem Wayright, Zethe had a reletively normal albeit lonely childhood, not knowing about her 'true' creator. Despite having very few friends, Zethe had very loving parents who taught her of both empathy and responsibility, and she grew up as a caring though socially awkward young woman who was well on her way to becoming a tax inspector. 

Upon her 18th birthday, Zethe underwent a transformation into a machine with skin of stone and a visage that mirrored Breithmaehut. Thankfully, as this transformation was underway, she met [[celeste]] who helped guide her through, and suggested they go to [[New Methymaenos]] to find or appeal for a cure. She discovered she had a 'mindscape', which took the form of a library where her every memory was recorded, and she could meet with Celeste within. On their way, they met with [[Luna]], who journeyed with them. Upon reaching the dwarven capital, Zethe was struck with a mental command to go to the Temple of Breithmaehut, where she was 'rescued' by her patron, who teleported the group to the Lost Continent away from the persuing [[Elliopeth]]. It was during this teleportation that she met the aribiter [[Alph-E]]. 

## The Lost Continent

Upon reaching the Lost Continent, Zethe met with a group of Grippli who guided them to an ancient monument of the Konrasu. As she neared, the monument awakened and Proteans invaded, and the group worked against the clock to escape through an Aeonic portal. Alongside them was the Konrasu K'tchanu, who asked for them to make another Aeonic power source to power up the Konrasu again. They arrived in a beach near Eastport with the goal of returning home, and from there, Zethe was kidnapped by [[Altair]] to [[The Trickster's Dice]]. 

## The Trickster's Dice

Upon reaching the dice, harrassed by [[Tantalos (The Trickster)|The Trickster]] on the way, Zethe reluctantly teamed up with Altair and they set off together to stop a rising cult of [[Iumater]]. In the temple of [[Pesmaenos]], Zethe met up with The Butcher, who she nearly killed but decided to hand them in to the corrupt local authorities. As she was in the process of electrocuting the murderer to death, Alph-E helped snap her out of it - but she was visited by Pesaemos as she did, who chided her about both her rage and her relationship with his son, Celeste. As they investigated the Dice, Zethe tried to connect with her divine mother Breithmaehut, but was unable to find kinship with the aloof god. During the investigation, Altair and Zethe met up with [[Frbl]], who was excited to share knowledge with them both, and then with the current Pirate King who sailed them across on the Bloody Annibel to the cult hideout. Upon the ship, Eliopeth found them and sent a wereshark to kill them, but Zethe managed to calm the monster and it was revealed that the wereshark was once a normal man who lived on the island they were sailing to. It was there that Zethe discovered that The Butcher had been set free to eat the children of the island, half transformed into a monster. In a desperate fight, she eventually got the upper hand and killed him - the first person she had ever executed. It was at this point that another side to Zethe formed, a part of her soul that tore away from her humanity as an emotionless tool of justice. Upon meeting the cult leader, Eliopeth saw what they had done and abandonned the Iumatens, letting Zethe face them on her own - but not before throwing a bolt of chaos at her. Zethe caught the bolt, and as it touched her hand she had a vision of Breithmaehut, who tried to connect with her and eventually hug, giving her a staff. As the vision faded, the bolt of chaos and her own innate order had combined into an Aeonic metal staff, which she could easily channel her powers through. She defeated the cult leader, and journeyed back to the Dice. With the help of the Pirate King, they removed the corrupt govenor and established a democracy that was publically endorsed (for now) by the Trickster. Celeste and Luna eventually managed to get to the Dice and took Zethe back with them, who was more than a little shaken by the day's events.

## Crozetta and The Ringmaster

As they left Eastport to head north towards Petragenis, they came across the city of [[Crozetta]], who were about to celebrate [[Comasation]] - a drinking festival. As they planned to rest for a few days, the group heard that there were issues with dissapearances around the city. Zethe decided that any revelry would have to wait, and that she'd try to get to the bottom of what was happening. As she worked alongside the guards, she heard that [[Lady Damocles]] was one of the people who had been kidnapped, and her son was nowhere to be found. In addition, a strange circus had come to town with unusual monsters. They found that this Cirque was led by [[The Ringmaster]], a powerful Iumaten worshipper who was working with the [[Chuul]] and sacrificing people to create monsters. After invading the cirque and capturing the Ringmaster, they interrogated him. It seemed that the Chuul wanted an ancient crown that Lady Damocles had found and hidden within her house, alongside her son who they found. Planning to use the crown as a bargaining chip, Zethe travelled to the sewers to try to find the Chuul and rescue the captives. It was in the sewers that Zethe's 'other half' took over and slaughtered a group of attacking Sea Devils, much to Zethe's confusion and distress. Using the crown as a distraction, they defeated the Chuul and rescued Lady Damocles, who was reunited with her son. Zethe and Helena became fast friends, and they met with a small wizarding society, full of hobbyists. Zethe also discovered a hidden room within her mindscape that looked like her parent's room with a mirror within - her reflection seemed to be the 'other Zethe', which at the time was unable to form coherrent sentences. As Zethe relaxed in the Comasation celebrations, the Ringmaster escaped custody. Asking the wizarding society for help, Zethe called upon her heritage to summon a Zelekut to chase the Ringmaster down. The group followed after the inevitable, and eventually made their way to [[Jens]]. 

## Jens and Uber-Seccentium

On the way, Alph-E declade himself the leader of a goblin group who worshipped "[[Breithmaehut|The Mean One]]". Upon arriving in Jens, Zethe tried to save a caravan of people from Alm assassins, who has burned their wares and kidnapped the people in order to steal an artifact. They tracked them down to a cave where the merchants were kept prisoner - to be later used as slaves - and the group fought a hydra for their freedom. In this fight, the other Zethe came out and tried to kill the hydra, and injured Luna in the process. As they entered the city proper, Zethe promised to help find the missing child, and aimed to investigate the Alm family thinking that they might still have him - or worse, potentially send him to The Maw. She also looked for signs of the Zelekut, who had dissapeated in Jens, giving chase to the Ringmaster. As she made to look for the child, she and Celeste broke into the Alm headquarters to try to find out more information, but were both caught and sent to the night's Maw. Thanks to Celeste, they could both keep their weapons. While she tried to keep spirits up in the Maw cage with the other prisoners who were to fight and die for entertainment, she was unsuccessful, and she ended up losing herself to the 'other Zethe' during the conflict. When she awoke, she was surrounded by a large number of people with broken bones - but thankfully not dead. Still shaken, she and Celeste pushed themselves downwards towards the centre of The Maw and found Luna fighting the current champion, with K'Chanu nowhere in sight. They managed to beat the champion, but where chased by Alm guards and had to retreat into the tunnels that surrounded the Maw. Thankfully, this was where the Zelekhut had fled after the Ringmaster and they began to make their way down the tunnels. Eventually they came across a group of Skum, who said that the Zelekhut, Ringmaster, and what sounded like Eliopeth had fled down into a portal that they were terrified of. Knowing that this distruption had a chance of breaking this forbidden seal, they agreed to help reopen it with the agreement that the group would help.

As it was opened, the group saw a terrifying sight ahead of them - a fleshy tunnel with mechanical parts jutting out of it. Zethe and Alph-E couldn't comprehend the environment, almost 'glitching' as they tried to understand what they saw. Eventually both seemed to cut off from the Breithmaehut, and could finally perceive the environment. As they journeyed through the tunnel, they saw the Zelekhut - this time transformed with viscera lining its body, and mortal spines instead of chains. It seemed to know Zethe, insisting that it would take her to her mother, and seemed confused when she fought back. They managed to scale the cliff, but Zethe was cut off by another mechanical monster. The Other Zethe broke through again, and when Zethe awoke, she was standing over an injured Eliopeth, strangling her. She quickly let go, very confused, and then spoke with Eliopeth who explained that she thought Zethe was a tyrant who worked with Celeste, who had previously called for the slaughter of her people. Despite their mistrust of one another, they agreed to work together to find Celeste and Luna. As they slept, Zethe was visited in her mindscape by [[Uber Seccentium]], who tried to persuade her to join her side; despite her protests, the Amalgam God inserted evil knowledge into the library, unwilling teaching Zethe awful spells - and tracking the two of them down. They woke up, and had to fight their way out of the cave they rested in. While successful, they were in a panic about where to go and so they had to devise a plan - Zethe would not go to sleep for as long as possible, and once they had an idea of what to do, she'd hide the knowledge from Uber Seccentium by transferring it to the Other Zethe in the mirror. Eventually, the plan she came up with was to combine the Iumaten crown, Eliopeth's chaos magic, and the black oil of the god to transform it into a new form of [[God Metals]], based off her staff. With this in mind, she took off to find the source, and managed to find Celeste and Luna on the way, fighting off a corrupted Marut as she did. With the group together, Celeste and Eliopeth - who could both enter Zethe's mindscape - agreed to distract Uber Seccentium long enough for Zethe to transfer the plan to the Other Zethe. On the way, they found the injured Ringmaster, who she decided to spare, not wanting to prove his chidings about Breithmaehut and herself correct. They made their way through the fleshy landscape towards the centre - a huge cathedral of muscle and bone where the oil flowed out from. On the inside, they discovered the person who invited the dark god to this area of the [[Underdark]], and slew him. As they arrived into the inner sanctum, Zethe managed to channel Uber Seccentium's power, alongside Luna, Eliopeth, and the crown, creating a strange Aeonic Beacon. As they escaped the crumbling cathedral, they saw the amalgamated creatures collapse and die, and eventually the group could rest. As they did so, Zethe received a dream from Breithmaehut, who explained what Uber Seccentium is, and that she would have to be quarentined. Zethe didn't take the news well at all, and secluded herself away in a depressed rage. 

Eventually she left the underdark with the help of Celeste and Luna, with Eliopeth leaving, and they aimed to rescue both K'Chanu and the child. Despite Zethe's mood, they heard whispers of a man who had bought a large amount of parephenalia from the Uber Seccentium site, and they went into his house to remove it. With trickery and subterfuge, Celeste, Luna, and Zethe retrieved a book written by the first founder of Laerhyme, and destroyed an amalgamation mask. She also saw an old statue of Breithmaehut which was a subtle blasphemy, and belonged to an anti-Breithmaen cult who didn't forgive the god for abandonning them at the creation of Uber Seccentium. They also found tracks of K'Chanu, and saw that he'd been kidnapped by the Alm as an exhibition piece in the Maw. While they did rescue him, he was very badly injured and Zethe used the Aeonic Beacon to restore his health over a period of days, learning that this beacon may be able to save his people should they be able to get it back to them. The work helped set her mind at ease, and they learned that the child may be with the Coll - the owners of the Maw. She went to that family, who offered her the child in return for taking a loss for the leader's son in the Maw, but they renegged on the deal and gave her the wrong child, and she was made to fight the son, who was kitted out in the best equipment money could buy. Despite this, he was untrained, and Zethe prevailed - though found her mind merged with that of the Other Zethe, and very nearly killed the son, thought stopped herself. She did however take the very expensive sword, and threaten to make off with it if she wasn't given information about the missinng child. The leader of the Coll reluctantly agreed, and told them of a place the child had been traded to by the Alm. They broke in with difficulty, and found that the child was being experimented on by [[strumrock kowl]], who was using Illumite - another Aeonic metal. Kowl escaped, but Zethe did retrieve his wand of feeblemind, as well as a wand of Compell True Name - and not to mention rescuing the child, who was returned to the travellers. Zethe and the group were kicked out very soon afterwards, and had to make their escape from Jens.

### Journey to LaerHyme

Just as they set off, Zethe tried to identify the wands she had confiscated, and accidentally cast Compell True Name on Celeste, instinctively knowing 'Paradisia' was his true name, which shook Celeste badly. Working through it, a strange ebon door formed in her mindscape, which allowed her and Celeste to join with one another more easily. In the swamps of Jens, they searched for the Chuul that had attacked Lady Damocles, and found a shrine that activated when blood was spilled - they're not sure what it did, but it probably wasn't good. They also found a locket that likely belonged to Lord Damocles when he was killed.

Journeying further still, the group was distracted by a strange floating helmet, which led them into an old abandonned temple. The creatures in the temple seemed to belong to the [[The Forgotten God]] and The [[Holy Triumvirate]], and they attacked Celeste on sight, badly hurting him. Eventually Luna and Zethe found the winged helmet and mercy killed it, but Zethe learned of its construction and took some of its metal dust to try to use, to allow the archon another chance to serve its duty.

On the road, the group went to Myrdor as it was electing a new mayor, which appeared to be a cursed position - the past five mayors had died of plague, and [[Letisha Laewtiz]] was seemingly next. After investigating, it seemed that Letisha was the one causing the deaths, due to her being mistreated by the village. While what she had done would be punishable by death, Zethe felt sympathy for her position, and elected to save her with the Geas spell - forcing her to help others for the rest of her days. 

After this, they journeyed further along the road, they came across Pilgrim's Hollow, which seemed to be haunted. However, on further observation, it seemed that it was the [[Fae]] who were causing the issues, so Zethe and Luna journeyed further into the forest to confront the invaders. They met up with Wilt, a leshy, who was very excited to speak with them and told them of his misstress, who wished to reclaim the village as she believed mortals had been expanding more than she thought they should. Zethe and Wilt managed to engage in diplomacy between the village and the Fae, who agreed to work with one another for a more environmemtally sustainable settlement. Wilt, however, was kicked out from the court and joined the group. Celeste and Luna decided to leave towards Linthumveil to investigate Luna's nightmares more, leaving Zethe, Letisha, Wilt, and K'Chanu to go to [[LaerHyme]]. 

## LaerHyme

As Zethe's group arrived, they were attacked at the gates by giant defensive golem, who were designed to prevent attack from extraplanar beings, which Zethe triggered. Thankfully the misunderstanding was caught by one of the professors, who took them into the city of LaerHyme. The group was given very nice accomodation, and Zethe met up with Lady Damocles again, and they caught up on what had been happening. Zethe was then taken to speak with [[Director Edgewater]], who was very curious to know more both about her and the Cassissian helmet she was crafting. Another interesting person was [[Filigree]], the [[Soulless]] construct professor of LaerHyme - she was very curious with Zethe, and they got on very well. Unfortunately, due to Filigree showing Zethe off to the other teachers, it meant that Zethe would have to perform an entrance exam. Before doing so, she helped out around the city and stopped a large Pumpking from destroying the botany classroom, and saw a Sfirfneblin skulking about in the sewers. Edgewater seemed concerned, but they couldn't find anything and so the entrance exam went ahead as normal, but at the end the floor collapsed under her. Filigree pushed Zethe out of the way, and fell down the hole, getting kidnapped by a Sfirfneblin at the bottom. Zethe gave chase, and ended up in an old underground part of the university.

As Zethe explored further, she found the Pumpking again and tried to bargain with him, eventually settling on a truce if she brought up one of him Pumlings to the surface to speak with the botancy professor. After trying to get through the locked door, she went through a gap in the wall and found a strange workbench with mad mathmatical scratchings in the wall. There was a corrupted Axiomatic creature within - the remnants of the founder of LaerHyme - who had the almagamation rune deep within. It seemed Uber Seccentium was back. In a panic, she just about managed to best him, and worked out the combination to get through the locked door. When she did, she found it lead to the Underdark - and a university beneath. Travelling downwards, she found that Strumrock Kowl had returned here and become the director of the university, killing the old director - and worse, he seemed to be using the teachings of Uber Seccentium, putting not just Kindling in danger, but potentially the entire surface world as well. Knowing she needed to put a stop to this, and to rescue Filigree, she worked with the townsfolk to break into the university and made her way to the top floor. It seemed like Kowl had been struggling to create Breithmatite - the metal Zethe makes - but had figured out that his false metal could be augmented with flesh. As she moved into his office, she saw Filigree on an operating table, and immediately tried to free her. As she did, Kowl revealed himself and one of his new creations - a golem of flesh and metal. Even Kowl had augmented himself, transforming his legs into the same chitin as she has seen before. As the battle ensued, Zethe caused a lot of damage to the monstrosity but it managed to tie her down to a binding machine designed to steal energy from beings from [[Utopia]]. Thankfully Edgewater came down to fight Kowl, but he was betrayed by one of the LaerHyme teachers, Balthazar. Even then, Edgewater managed to fight off his attackers and subdued the traitor as Zethe broke from her bindings and killed the monstrosity, giving chase to Kowl who managed to escape, but not before leaving behind a notebook that used to belong to the first founder of LaerHyme.

In a desperate bid to put a stop to Kowl, Zethe performed the Gease ritual on Balthazar and forced him to search for the madman - hoping that he would be able to use their past connections to track him down. Zethe and Filigree also began to get closer to one another.

### Linthumveil
After returning to the surface, Zethe tried to get in contact with her friends in Linthumveil but heard nothing in return. Worried, she set off towards the historic town. Zethe travelled there alongside [[Filigree]], and on the way, the professor began build a set of wings upon the godspawn's back which she could channel her energy through to fly. Unfortunately, in order to generate lift through this energy, they would need to follow the same design of her staff - they would need chaotic energy to clash with her ordered magic.

They entered Linthumveil only to find that the adults of the town had dissapeared, and the children were too terrified to leave their homes. A huge man with a red cape had taken their parents, and what initially seemed like a normal housecat prowled the town The children of Linthumveil were scared of the small creature, and it quickly revealed itself to be 'blessed' by Iumatre, transforming into a powerful monster; upon defeat, it reverted to a human form - a young woman who was very confused about her situation.

Zethe and Filigree delved further into the mystery, finding a circle of loadstones that represented the Holy Triumvariate; the slabs of Breithmaehut and Iroas were destroyed, but the stone of Illuminir had dissapeared. Searching further, they found the stone within a well and took it with them; it seemed the stone had protected the children from Iumatre's grasp. Going back to the town, the children finally told them of an abandonned mine. As expected, Iumater's servants had taken up hold in this cavern; unexpectantly, this cave was once a temple of Grisconere - an Agathion of metalwork. Within this mine, there were cystals that caused illness in those who were around them long enough, and often drove them mad - going as far as to have people praising the gems. Fighting through werewolves and cultists, the duo found Elliopeth locked in combat with a huge aquatic monster. They managed to bring it down together, and Elliopeth explained she was here while chasing The Ringmaster. Worried about what he may be doing to her friends, she pressed onwards and found Celeste - alongside some of the remaining adults - caged and guarded by a group of werewolves. They broke him out, but had little time for reunions - The Ringmaster was doing something awful to Luna.

Rushing through the final parts of the crumbling temple, they found The Ringmaster and a group of other powerful cultists performing some sort of ritual upon Luna, who was stuck snarling within a cage. He seemed to be turning her feral, and as he noted the intruders, he set his new beast upon them. Luna was a potent foe, and combined with the power of the cultists, Zethe and her friends struggled to hold their ground. It was only when Zethe tried to reach through to Luna did the tides change, and the child of Illuminir managed to break from Iumatre's hold and turned on The Ringmaster - whose failure had caught the ire of his goddess, who quickly transformed him and his minions into mindless oozes. In her victory, Luna was visited in a dream by her mother, who told her how proud she was - and that she never abandonned her, but that she was sorry for the pain she caused.

Linthumveil was saved, and the reuinited group celebrated. However, Celeste and Filigree grew jealous of one another over Zethe's affection, who was indecisive with who she wanted a relationship with. Elliopeth spoke to Zethe about other timelines, saying that the reason she was initially hostile was because Zethe was a threat in other timelines - a cruel and ruthless tyrant who spread their iron order around Omnia. Not believing this to be possible in this timeline, the daughter of Breithmaehut assured the daughter of Diatarachtos that she had nothing to fear; the 'Other Zethe' actually explained that Eliopeth was correct in that there were other timelines, and that this was the 'true' one - it was Elliopeth's unique presence which caused the creation of 'Other Zethe'. Elliopeth agreed to use some of her chaotic magic to finish the wings, and this newly gained 'angelic' appearance helped ignite woship from the rescued people of Linthumveil, though the godspawn was uncertain of how to wield it. Both Luna and Elliopeth took their leave, taking the werecat girl - Elizabeth - with them as they headed towards [[Roziegalburg]]. 

Just before leaving the town, Zethe visited the loadstones for a final time, and Illuminir granted her a small miricle in the form of a dream - the first she had had before transformation. Within this dream, she had a full conversation with her adoptive mother, Leisel, and they both exchanged their love for one another before vowing to see each other soon.

### Return to LaerHyme and the Aeonic Resonator
Working alongside the professors of LaerHyme - including Filigree - Zethe managed to harness the power of the godly alloy created beneath Jens and created the Aeonic Resonator, an artefact of almost infinite power. It worked by Utopic and Cataclysmic energy surging into one another, creating a singularity of unimaginable potency. with such power, it ripped a portal open to the Maelstrome which allowed a flood of Proteans through; while they managed to seal the portal, the room was ruined. Such a powerful item held enough energy to reignite the souls of the Conrasu on the Lost Continent, and it was just the trouble of getting it there. Considering they got there through teleportation, they would likely have to return using the same method. Unfortunately, such magic was only known by a single living person - Edgewater - and its magic was beyond Zethe's grasp. Lending her his notes, Zethe spoke to her other self in frustration - annoyed that she wasn't able to harness this potent spell immediately. 'Other Zethe' spoke with her and, in some ways, was reassuring. In their conversation, the 'Other Zethe' said that due to Elliopeth's existence, she experiences the lives of all Zethe's in all timelines at once - including all of the pain some of them are in. The news shocked Zethe, and out of empathy, she offered the 'Other Zethe' the opportunity to inhabit her body in the late night, giving her at least some chance of a life. The offer took 'Other Zethe' by surprise, not expecting to be shown kindness.

Before leaving the City of Magic, she furthered her work on the divine alloys, finding out new combinations and working on her own runework. In preparation of leaving to Asgard, she worked with Filigree to create a litmus test for corruption, which 'Other Zethe' offered to improve. While she tested negative for 'Assimilation', she tested positive to 'Conqueror' - something that Other Zethe said she corrupted Zethe with, as she's an anomoly. She also revealed that there may be a way to break through timelines, but the exact way to do it safely wasn't known - they would need a more knowledgable teacher. Edgewater mentioned 'The Old Ones' - an ancient society who had magic to rival the gods, but one day they dissapeared; it was from the scraps of their research that he learned some of his rarest magic - including teleportation. The way it worked was through tracing back your physical past, relocating you to somewhere you have already been. 

Her friends and professors invited Zethe to a party at the end of her tenure at LaerHyme; despite her struggles with the teleportation spell, the party caused her to forget her troubles for a moment and enjoy the evening. Filigree decided to come with the group, wanting to spend some time away from her work.

## The Journey to Asgard and South Listings
In the desert, Zethe came across an abandonned mine with a Kobold hiding out in it. While the group were initially cautious about what traps the creature might have laid, they actually found that the kobolds in this cave had been killed to the last adult by a Helknight - a brutal enforcer of order. They spared the kobold, but were worried that the Helknights would return to finish the job. The dead Helknight's helmet had the Utopic runes for Wrath/Eliminate (VLI/OLV) etched into a sentence on the inside - "Wrath/Eliminate Conquor for Order".

Travelling further on, the group found the town of South Listings - an offshoot of Asgard - they heard tell of a 'phantom posh person' who visited the town, drinking with the locals and sharing grand amounts of wealth and four dead sheep with them before disapearing. Such a strange apparition was causing people to get nervous and stop working on the canal project, upsetting  the town mage Parvia who had been comissioned from the mage tower. Trying to find out more about this phantom, Zethe found a woman behaving strangely - a woman who seemed to recognise Zethe and ran away, revealing that she had bird feet. Zethe gave chase, and while she lost the woman, she did manage to track her down to a cave deeper within the desert. Venturing within, they found a dwemorcat acting as a pet and being fed scrolls of powerful magic; knocking the territorial animal out, they heard deep breathing from deeper in. Creeping through the labyrinth, they found a massive brass dragon resting within. Deciding to introduce herself, Zethe found the dragon rather confrontational before they managed to convince him that they meant no harm. He introduced himself as Regalis, and explained that he was paying the village back with gifts for the drinks he'd been offered - he didn't realise they took his gifts poorly! In recompence, he agreed to reveal himself to South Listings and explain his actions. While the people were initially scared, after he completed their canal project within moments, they soon changed their tune. 

Zethe spoke with Regalis later, who explained a few tidbits of knowledge only available to him in his age. He explained that the area Asgard now sits was once part of the Fae - and it was around this point that he entered his slumber, hence his surprise at the nearby village. 'Other Zethe' asked if she would be able to speak with Regalis, which Zethe agreed to, and upon coming to she found that Regalis was begrudgingly accepting to explain timelines to her. He explained it as if a disk had been shattered - an event caused by The Old Ones which allowed mortals to be created. The fracture point is closer to the 'true reality', and as the timelines branched outwards from this True Reality, they went to the edge and faded - or else became unavailable. The Shadow Plane is what sits between the gaps of the shattering, and its magic within the Shadow Plane that allows people to use it like a bridge in teleportation magic.

Before leaving South Listings, Zethe spoke with the local cleric there, wanting to get some perspective on her issues with Breithmaehut. In their conversation, he mentioned that [[High Officiate Ebriham]] has been preparing some sort of ritual, and him seeing this was what got him moved from the church and into the village. Zethe worried that Kowl's corruption may have spread further.

Regalis agreed to let the party ride on his back from South Listings to Asguard, but the entrance wasn't appreciated as they were almost immediately bombarded with fireballs as they entered Asgard's airspace. The assault caused the great dragon to fall, and the group alongside him...

## [[Asgard]]
### Introductions
As they crash landed before the city, they saw a flag rise above the walls - one that harkened back to an old story from the Utopic Warriors which told of an apology from an ancient dwarven king which fired upon the heroes. Realising it may have been a mistake, they approached the gates of the huge walled city without violent intent. Upon coming to the gate, they were greeted by a mirage of Governor Meryll Cumar, Officiate Tinswell, and Seraphina - the archmage. Seraphina didn't seem best pleased by their entrance - and explained that it was her and her mages who fired upon the group, believing them to be a threat - and it was the church who raised the flag.

Meryll invited the group to a party, which would involve who's who in Asgard, and Zethe agreed to attend in a few days, but not before she spoke with Ebriham about the potential corruption. Going towards the church, she was greeted by Lady Damoclese, who had travelled ahead of them and was staying in her family's house in the city; she offered them a place to stay, glad to have company. Upon meeting Ebriham, she saw that he was an unexpectantly jovial old man, who said that they would have a 'deeper' chat with one another later, but that she needed patience. She considered trying to reach out to her divine mother, but decided against it - despite knowing that she was in the 'clear'.

Going to the party, Zethe decided to put on as much as an intimidating front on as possible, trying to make herself appear far more confident than she was to the other nobles - including Meryll and The King. Meryll spoke to her in private about a group in the lower city called The Unseen - a cult that he believed had something to do with a serial killer named Alukar the Red. Because this is taking place in the lower city, he explained that there weren't enough resources to find him and that she should apprehend the killer and bring him to Meryll, as well as destroy the cult. Zethe agreed to look into it, but likely gave too much of herself away to the governor in the conversation. During the party, Celeste was approached by Arimir, the Lord of the Pillar - the chief Helknight within the city - who invited him to speak with Cessatyr in the Helknight tower.

During the night time, she had a conversation with 'Other Zethe', who agreed to teach her more of the timeline magic to see if they could somehow pull the alternate Zethes from the awful situations they found themselves in, and ease 'Other Zethe's' suffering. As they spoke, 'Other Zethe' revealed some more of her feelings - showing that she had developed more feelings since she was permitted to live a life during the nighttime, and that she had been reading children's stories from Zethe's past - something she was embarressed to admit. 

On the next day, Zethe traveled to the market where she realised she was being followed. Upon confronting the man, she realised that it was Gregor Balthazar - the professor from LaerHyme that she had geased into searching for Kowl. As she demanded to know why he was here, he broke out into histerics and began to expand. Metal rods had been inserted into his body, and it became obvious he had become amalgamated. In terror, Zethe quickly dispatched the monster, and it spat out a bloody note written on skin from [[Strumrock Kowl]] himself. The gory letter explained that there was powerful evil lurking beneath Asgard, and that he doubted she would be able to beat it without his augmentations. Zethe was understandibly very shaken - especially as she was the one who had forced Balthazar into this fate - but she had little time to deliberate as a gryphon rider descended from above to place her under arrest for murder. While the crowd boo'd against the rider, trying to explain that the 'victim' was a monster, Zethe agreed to follow the young guard who looked all too worried about the angry mob.

The guard introduced himself as Aeris Colswin, and explained that he'd only been a rider for a day. He also said that he was from the lower city, and that he'd had to fight his way up to get this far - and now he's worried he'll lose it all and he'll need to go back to living in the slums. As they journeyed to The Nest, Zethe could swear she spotted a masked man hiding in the crowd. Before she could investigate further, the leader of the Gryphon Riders - Farrasyl Stormwing - flew down to 'greet' them, and escort them to a meeting room within the tower. Zethe tried to explain how important it was that she speak to Ebriham - and that there was a terrible threat coming to the city if she didn't - but they managed to calm her down enough to speak about their own issued in the guard. They were overstretched and couldn't commit anyone to the Alukar case, nevermind The Unseen, and that they would give her permission to investigate under their name. Worried about Colswin, she petitioned to have him join her on the case - citing that he knew the lower city the best. Stormwing agreed, and then permitted her to leave - which she did immediately. 

As she flew through the city towards the church, a pit of worry gripped her, fearing that it was already too late for Asgard...

### The Grand Court
Zethe rushed to shared this information with Ebriham, who was deeply concerned at the implications. He explained that he had been performing a ritual for her arrival to summon an inevitable specicially designed to destroy the corrupted, and that he had been given instructions to use it on her should she be found 'guilty'. While he wasn't eager to do that, he knew there was no option to dally - he had to call a Grand Hearing. As the High Officiate, he could only call such a court a maximum of six times in his life, and summons a court hearing in [[Utopia]] from [[Breithmaehut]] herself. The sensation of trasporting her mind and soul to the Perfecr City was disorienting, and the feeling of Utopic energy filled her body once again - a strange feeling after all of this time. 

As the court formed, different members of the Council of 6000 - all Breithmaehut - took their positions as the judge, jury, prosecutor, and defense lawyer. The one next to Zethe tried to offer a comforting smile, but Zethe wasn't so happy to see them - frustrated that the first interaction she had with her mother since being quarentined was being accused of something. As the court started, Zethe defended her presence in Jens and her work with Elliopeth, explaining the reason she detected as corrupted is because of the 'Other Zethe', and that this 'Other Zethe' actually cleared Uber-Seccentium's corruption. She had to work with Elliopeth in order to seal away the Amalgamite God in the Aeonic Resonator, and her quarentine has meant that she hasn't been able to contact Breithmaehut about Strumrock Kowl and his work. She was found not guilty, and thus safe from destruction, but not able to draw any compassion from her mother - who believed her actions were completely justified.

While she couldn't articulate why it wasn't fair, she returned to the martial plane frustrated and sad. Ebriham tried to comfort her, though not by telling her what she wanted to here, and instead by trying to have her come to term with the truth that it was a bad situation that couldn't be avoided. Despite his wise words, Zethe's mood hurt Filigree, and caused her a great deal of guilt afterwards. During the nighttime, she spoke to the 'Other Zethe', who explained that her favourite fairytale she learned of was 'The Apple and the Tiger', which Leisel used to read to Zethe when she was a lot younger. 

### The Search for Alukar
Deciding to take her mind off it, she decides to plunge herself straight into the case of Alukar the Red, working closely with Colswin to find out more about the murderer. Initially, the case files mentioned that he had only attacked the citizens of the lower city, and the murders were very brutal - with the bloodless bodies being left in public places. Moreso than just the mad murderer, The Unseen have also been attacking workhouses and trying to convert the lower citizens to their cause - many of which are more than happy to join because of their lack of food.

Hearing about this, Zethe is detirmined to not just stop Alukar, but also to stop the environment of the lower city being so poor that people have no choice but to join the cult. With resolution in her heart, she flies down to the oasis alongside Colswin to begin asking around for clues; when she's down there, Zethe discovers that students from the wizard's tower are using the oasis - used for drinking water - as their own pool. Annoyed by the disrespect, she disgiuised herself in a veil and approached them - arguing with them until eventually commanding them to clean up the streets of the lower city, revealing her true form in the process. While this was well received by the people, she made a deep enemy of Jurgen, whose uncle (Master Amir Ehrim) owns a great deal of the wheat production of the city.

With the approval of the people, she began asking around about Alukar, and learned that the murderer had been seen in the East Quarter - the poorest area in the city, and also the area which backs onto Little Methymaenos - the dwarven district of Asgard. In addition, she also learned more about the Helknights, and how some in the lower city fear them as oppressors, and some are thankful for them as protectors. Regardless, Zethe disagreed with them trying to send a child to a workhouse for stealing food, and challenged the Helknight who was guarding a recent crime scene of Alukar's. As they argued, The Unseen tried to creep around into the crimescene - freeing the child as they did so - and summoned a demon to deal with Zethe and the Helknight. Despite the demon, their combined might managed to subdue and capture one of The Unseen, who explained that they're working with Alukar to bring something big. 

Later in the day, Zethe joined Celeste to meet Cessatyr in the Helknight Tower, hoping to talk some sense into them and getting some help with the Alukar case. When they arrived, they found that Cessatyr was [[Udugihawahi]], one of the ancient Utopic Warriors, now a devil after selling her soul to Pesmaenos in a desperate bargain. Despite petitioning for further help, she got nowhere, besides a knock on the head from the grumpy outsider. 

While she tried to escape sleep as long as possible, she eventually succumbed to it, and Breithmaehut awaited her. While Zethe started off aggressive - upset with how her life had gone without answers about why she was so lonely as a child - eventually they both discussed their differences and reasonings, and made somewhat of a reconciliation together, with Zethe trepidatiously offering her mother a hug. Breithmaehut gifted Zethe a gavel which she could use to summon her mother in an emergency.

The next day, Alukar had killed again in a Tin Reforging workshop, and Zethe was called to investigate the body. She found it had been totally drained of blood, though there is blood everywhere else. While there were some clues about what happened to the man, there was no clue as to where Alukar was hiding - or where he was going to strike next. Frustrated, Zethe approached the Helknights again, demanding that Udu and her knights helped the lower city with a murderer rather than arresting kids. Cessatry considers it, before agreeing to help should the godspawn prover herself in a duel. Cessatyr was an incredibly powerful outsider, but Zethe managed to get the upper hand with holy magic, and the fiend yieded - though she couldn't help but think that Udu was holding back, like she wanted to lose. Upon the end of the duel, Zethe was given permission to investigate in the Helknight's territory, and also to collaborate with the bound axiomite, Circle.

While unable to make any large changes to the lower city, Zethe worked alongside Celeste and Filigree to buy a large amount of wheat in the city and turn it into bread for the people. With the help of the Helknights and Circle, they managed to feed a good portion of the city, but it was a drop in the water compared to the true problems the city faced. Even if they'd been fed, they'd still be at the whims of the rich who controlled their lives almost completely. 

During the night, Zethe spoke to her other self and they discussed the concept of self, and how the 'Other Zethe' viewed her own person, seeing as she was a combination of many different 'same' people. In the end, she decided that she was not just a sum of her parts, and named herself Jarah - the main character from The Apple and the Tiger. Jarah explained that she lives within a damaged soul that orbits alongside Zethe's own, and that while they are together, they are not the same. 

Renewed by the conversation, Zethe travelled to Ebriham to learn more about Utopic runes, learing about their structure and efficientcy, and how she could draw a rune from a concept. To demonstrate this, he had her cure an ill man by looking deep into his soul and finding the 'flaw'; transforming this disease into a conceptual rune, she removed it, curing him of his illness. Using this magic, she aimed to go down into the lower city and cure as many as she could of their illnesses, but on the way she was pickpocketed by a young child who Celeste caught. The boy introduced himself as Timmon, a child from the lower city, who Zethe was unwilling to relinquish to the authorities for worry of him being sent to the workhouses. Instead, as punishment, she asked him to help with the Alukar and Unseen case, knowing that he may have been in contact with The Unseen's recruitment drive, and then she'd help him by offering a home in the church's orphanage under the care of the timid Officiate Tinswill. Timmon agreed, and said that he was told that The Unseen were telling kids to go to Woolistins Lane at night for food, and he also agreed to tell his friends to instead go to Zethe for bread. Zethe asked Celeste, Filigree, and Tinswill to complete the bread creation for the poor district. During this, Timmon ended up following the quiet Tinswill around, and she agreed to look after him - and hopefully set him on the straight and narrow. 

As Zethe investigated Woolishins Lane, she was joined by Udu, who disguised them both as old women, and Colswin. They managed to find a secret door within a large building, which held instructions for scrolls and runes of summoning. The book "A Desire for Freedom" was found within the hidden library, but Zethe didn't have the opportunity to read it in full before they were attacked by a contingent of The Unseen. This time, they were armed with a strange black liquid, which they doused Udu with. When it touched her, her body simply fell still, and Alph-E soon followed as a second victim. It seemed that the black liquid tore away the soul of an outsider. Terrified for Alph-E (and a bit worried for Udu), she ran to Circle to ask for his help. He wasn't certain, but Jarah suggested that they may have fallen 'between the cracks' and into the Shadow Plane. The only way to get them back would be to travel there and open a door back - something that would be incredibly difficult to do. Without any other option, Zethe told everyone that she was going to go to the Shadow Plane to rescue the two of them, and that she'd go with Jarah. Sinking deep into the plane, she found herself in a totally grey plane surrounded by the corpses of Uber-Seccentium's creations which spoke to her of The Absence. She was also joined by a physical manifestation of Jarah, who quickly destroyed the amalgams. 

They fought their way through shadows of The Absence - empty and lost shades - before finding the last stand of Udu and Alph-E. Zethe and Jarah stood alongside them and just about managed to fight off the infinite shadows while the duo tried to create a link to their own timeline through positive emotional connections, and finally opened up a doorway into the plane. Zethe awoke surrounded by her friends, with a heavy weight lifted from her heart as she entered the light again. Udu, on the other hand, awoke to find herself unbound and able to exit the tower - weaker, but free of her binding. They had little time to rest, as Alukah had struck again while they were unconscious.

Rushing to the scene of the crime - Little Methymaenos - Zethe investigated the crime scene and managed to discover a secret opening in the back of the dwarven hall. Journeying into the darkness with the gaurd Yvette. In this once lost cavern, they discovered what appeared to be a laboritory - which likely belonged to Alukar. Next to a blood-letted dead body, a shadow arose which whispered that Filigree was the key to their plans - she was part of another sacrifice, and that this timeline was the only one which their plan was possible. Chanting - similar to that which she heard from the Chu'ul cave in Jens - eachoed through the cavern, and they found Alukar within, being talked down by two Unseen. When he saw Zethe, he laughed and jumped off the cliff, followed by the two cultists, but not before they summoned a shade. In his ramblings, he mentioned that he needed to be protected from Meryll. 

Regardless, Zethe was joined by Celeste and Filigree, and they gave chase and found a giant portal - an active waygate - at the end of it. In this swirling vortex, she could see a shadowy shape lurk behind it - something massive and malevolent. Before she could focus on this, a masked man who referred to himself as The Messenger of Dead Gods emerged from the waygate. He summoned a wall of force and left with Alukar, vowing that the time would come soon when he had use for Zethe and Filigree. Bert-E explained that he could see the eyes of the creature that lurked behind the portal and he knew he should know its identity, but he couldn't remember what it was.

### The Unseen
Realising that it was no simple derranged serial killer and that a larger plot brewed under Asgard - a plot that involved a powerful, god-like entity that could consume the timeline - Zethe set herself to work in finding out how they could be stopped. Speaking to Ebriham, he told her what he could of [[The Forgotten God]] - the 'Divine Blasphemy', where Pesmaenos fell and turned into the God of Ambition. This reminder her of the ancient temple she found of the Holy Triumvariate. Filigree also explained that she made a notebook of an etching in charcoal in the ruins she found Bert-E in which said "and so the great triumvariate came to triumph over the hordes of Daemons and Fiends of the lower planes". It was said that the Forgotten God led humanity into a Golden Age, and that he was the one who gave Breithmaehut Consciousness - transforming her from a Primal God to a Mortal God. She also learned that waygates used to lead to a subdomain that would act as a tunnel, but this subdimension has collapsed. Worryingly, Jarah had never seen this Absence in any other reality - and she said that this is the only reality where Zethe, Celeste, and Filigree are friends.

Bert-E also explained that the portal gave him deja-vu, and that Zethe's helmet - made of the dust of the Cassian Helm in the ancient temple - gave him the same feeling as the Absence. As she continued her research, she managed to upset Master Amir Ehrim - the master of the grain houses - and so she lost any discount Celeste or Lady Damocles had gained on the grain, making her goals for feeding the city more difficult to achieve. In addition to this, looking at the technology The Unseen employed for the waygate, she discovered the 'Compression' rune, which she worked with Circle to create a potent bag of holding, and the groundwork of a similar extra-dimensional space. This compression rune looked similar to the corrupted runes, and Breithmaehut advised Zethe to be careful with it - and to not share it.

After further research, Zethe learned about an abandoned waygate to the north west called Westborough in an old cave system, and in the night before journeying out, she briefly glimpsed into the other timelines and saw the horror that Jarah deals with constantly - Jarah explained that the timelines are converging, and that something of monumental importance is about to happen. Zethe, Filigree, Celeste, Colswin, Regalis, and Lady Damocles gathered together to take fight to The Unseen's likely base, with Ebriham gifting them a scroll of disintergration to deal with the wall of force that the Messenger of Dead Gods was likely to cast. Zethe learned that Tinswill had taken on Timmon as an apprentice before she set out.

As they reached Westbrough on the back of Regalis, they saw the Unseen gathered in the abandoned town. They decided to take out The Unseen quietly, ensuring that they didn't have the chance to call for help. Quickly dispatching them, Colswin and Regalis agreed to guard the outside, and the rest ventured within. By the looks of things, the cult were using the cavern to mine opal - a very potent gem which can be used to empower magic. Throughout the cavern, the writing on the walls says "the triumvariate watches over", and they eventually came across an active waygate that had multiple shades slithering out of it - including a more sentient shade. Thankfully, hot on the heels of these shades, Elliopeth and Luna charged out - they'd been following the Unseen in Roziegalburg and ended up chasing through the waygate and ending up in Asgard. 

Knowing there's not much time to spare, the group surged forward and found the Messenger of Dead Gods making his way through a second waygate, which he guarded with a 'nothingness beast' and a wall of force. Using Ebriham's scroll, Zethe destroyed the wall of force and the others killed the beast, and they quickly gave chase through the portal. 

On the other side, they found a huge monument similar to the one in the Chu'ul cave, and The Messenger of Dead Gods loomed above Alukar with an intricate knife, alongside multiple shades, a nothingness beast, members of The Unseen, and a chu'ul. The group surged forward, trying to keep themselves alive while stopping the Messenger completing his ritual. One by one, he took blood from Fligree, Luna, and Zethe into his intricate dagger. Filigree managed to stop the cultist atop the ruins, Elliopeth killed the nothingness beast, Celeste banished the shade, and Lady Damocles managed to enact her revenge on the chu'ul. With a wall of stone from Zethe and a quick, decisive bite from Luna, he was stopped before the ritual could be finished, and the mournful howls of The Absence shook the cavern - collapsing it. Luna managed to drag Alukar away through the portal, and Zethe grabbed the unconscious Filigree, leaving the Messenger of Dead Gods to be crushed under his own ambition.

It seemed, for now, The Absence's ascent had been stopped and the day was saved. 

All that remained was to gain answers from Alukar, but after hearing how scared he was to go to Meryll, she took him to the [[Griffon Riders]] first. Alukar spoke in riddles, but seemed to suggest that he could still hear The Absence, and that he needed to be release, but he cackled saying that Meryll would kill him - and that Meryll was coming for him as they spoke. As it turned out, that was true, and Meryll demanded to have Alukar handed over. Zethe thought quickly, and said that the Helknights would have to take him into their custody as he committed a crime on their land, and that the government doesn't have any right over the Helknight's prisoners. Alongside Cesstyr, Zethe marched the serial killer through the streets and towards a prison where he would have no contact with the outer planes. In this iron cage, he explained that Meryll had asked his group to experiment on the waygates to get them working again, and this reckless experiment is what opened Alukar up to The Absence, driving him mad and on to commit these awful acts.  

Zethe considered making the news about Meryll public, but decided there was a better use of the information. There was no gaurantee of justice if the news got out - it may end up brushed under the rug, or the will of the people swayed by some propaganda trick. Instead, she thought, she'd use the threat of the information to force Meryll to do what he should have been doing all along - helping the people.

### The New Waygate and The Fae
With the threat of The Absence banished for now, Zethe began to look forward to working on her 'gate' project using her Compression rune. Working with Circle and Filigree and Ebriham, they learned that they would need a large amount of cold iron, the compression rune, and a oakheart seed - a Fae artifact that allows the First World to grow. More information was needed, and Zethe travelled to the Mage College to gather more information. However, she found it locked, and it was only when the librarian Fatima let her in that she found that the archmage Seraphina had gone missing and the college was in lockdown. 
