In 67AR, [[Asgard]] began to muster their forces with the purpose of bringing [[Breithmaehut|Breithmaehut's]] Order to Omnia; the city had established itself as the largest and richest population centre on the known Material Plane, and its neighbours were becoming quite nervous of the Desert Jewel's burgeoning power.

King Sultraz, seventh of his line, wished to give them reason to be afraid. They were not incorrect to believe that Asgard were hoping to expand; it was the King's wish to begin a large war for the glory of his city, and to claim the land that was rightfully his. 

Starting small, General Rizzat began to muster Asgard's martial forces, rallying the populace to look to the glory days of the Utopic Warriors. Weapons and armour were forged and troops trained, but Rizzat found his army lacking. Surely enough to beat any neighbouring state individually, but not without sustaining strong losses - and not to mention if they were to ally against his city. He shared his conerns with King Sultraz, who did not take kindly to his general's lack of faith. 

King Sultraz, like Asgard's royalty before him, was of the mind that his rule - and the superiority of his city - was ordained by divine right. To question his might was to question the will of Breithmaehut, and when Rizzat suggested that they would not be able to create an army capable of conquoring Omnia, Sultraz nearly had him executed. However, the general had been a good friend and advisor to him - and not to mention, he had proven his military prowess when defending the city against a better equipped wave of Druegar who had attempted to enslave the Dredd Corner in a midnight coup known as the 'Deep Rising'. As obstinent as he could be, General Rizzat knew what he was doing, and his judgement was likely correct. 

But that did not put King Sultraz's desires to rest. The conquest would happen, even if they needed to be a bit more imaginative to achieve it, and he put his general to work in discovering how. Rizzat took the challenge, and laid out the problems he would face. The first was, with Asgard being a walled city, they didn't have the manpower to create an army that could replenish itself after a large loss. The second was that their wizards were both disobedient and underfunded; it was no secret that most government funding in the magical arts went to the Hall of Justice - Breithmaehut's church - and the arcane mages were operating on a shoe string budget with little love for the king. The third was that their neighbours had already shown signs of allying against them - the Linthumveil Alliance was likely only the start, and it would not surprise him if they would be willing to unit the entire south against them, and not to mention the threat of Hel attacking should they show weakness. Finally, even should these problems be overcome, there were still considerable logistical issues when it came to food, water, and transport. 

These problems troubled General Rizzat for some time, and with each day the King's patience grew shorter. It was in prayer that his troubles were answered - well, when thinking of the concept of prayer, anyway. The Hall of Justice was a very well funded public building because it provided food, water, sanitation, curatives, and order to Asgard - it was totally indispensible, but perhaps held the power to solve his struggle. He visited High Officiate Ordinos and explained his troubles - while the church was no military power, perhaps they could provide his soldiers with healing, food, magical support, and missionary work to unaligned neighbours. They would not need a great deal of clerics, but their help could tip the balance of power in their favour.

High Officiate Ordinos had other ideas. Not that he disagreed with the general's plees, but rather he thought he could go further. Indeed, the grand cleric suggested sending a select number of the church's champions to war as a crusading force. The Officiate's words surprised the general - surely the church wouldn't be willing to give up its members? Powerful casters they may be, they hadn't seen war before and would likely be torn apart without trained soldiers to assist them; not to mention the total lack of numbers. Again, Ordinos didn't seem turned by Rizzat's concerns - in fact, he met the general's worried gaze with a knowing smirk. You see, the clergyman explained, he didn't need numbers - he had the power of the divine on his side, and this was ingeminated by a gift he had recently received. 

General Rizzat was shown into a personal meeting room, where he saw a large chunk of white marble in the centre of a clean table, streaked with glowing blue veins. It was, Ordinos explained, the flesh of Breithmaehut, which was delivered to him through a twin-tailed comet that halted its arc in front of him on one of his medative walks around the gardens. What's more - he had been visited in dreams by his god, who had commanded him to imbue her flesh into armour. The general was unnerved by the priest, whose eyes seemed to gleam with some incideous madness, but his tactical mind told him to continue listening. Without objections present, the High Officiate went on to explain that the Divine Flesh would give the wearers of the armour incredible power - enhanced strength, incredible reactions, unstoppable regeneration, and lightning enfused into their veins. All the Hall of Justice needed was a reason - and the permission of the King, of course.

King Sultraz met the report with mixed feelings. On one hand, such divine providence suggested that his visions of conquest may be possible. On the other hand, it would be in the church's name and not his. Divinely ordained or not, he didn't want any clerics getting any ideas of a coup on their minds. As such, he held a meeting with General Rizzat, himself, and High Officiate Ordinos to discuss the project; no one is certain exactly what was said in that room, but the agreement that came out of it was to be written down in Asgard's history. 

The Godforged Contract was created as an amalgamation between the Hall of Justice, the Army of Asgard, and the Royal Treasury. Soon after, the forgework began. The trained soldiers began to impart their knowledge to the chosen members of the clergy, the king pumped money into the hiring of master craftsmen who were aided by axiomites summoned by the church. It was soon found that this 'Divine Flesh' did not deplete no matter how many shards were taken and infused into the armour, which took on a bright gold colouration when infused. 

Within six months, the armour was forged and the basic lessons of combat had been imparted onto the faithful. It was time for those Officiates who had proven themselves in the past months to reap their reward in the form of magnificent suits of full plate. When they donned their new equipment, the wearers immediately found their victuals enhanced and their nerves energised - but this sensation was quickly overshadowed by a strange tingling in their dominant forearms. To those on the outside, they saw a gauntlet take the form of the Divine Flesh - white stone inlaid with lightning blue veins. These clerics soon found that they couldn't remove these parts of the armour, though they took this as a symbol of their faith.

Soon, The Godforged grew in numbers, which included the devout Grand Officiate and his most trusted companion, Officiate Ebriham. As their numbers grew in the city, the first of their order began their long march, celebrated by the city as the start of a new year blessed by the gods. 

General Rizzet watched these towering golden men of iron leave Asgard's walls; he was shocked by their overwealming strength. He was stunned by their sudden mastery of weaponry. He was in awe at their abandonment of mortal weakness. 

He was horrified at what they had become.

--- Campaign lore to be inserted ---

# Summary

The Godforged are a legion of clerics of Breithmaehut who had forged their armour with Divine Flesh, which turned them into superhuman warriors of order infused with lightning. Despite their awesome appearance, they harbour a dark secret - with each wound they take, the Divine Flesh burrows deeper, reparing the wearer but leaving less and less of the person they used to be behind. 

After the campaign, Breithmaehut would fully split from Uber-Seccentium, and the Godforged would find themselves on the 'corrupted' side of the fence. The Great Wailing at the gates of Hel was so named because of the sound these warriors made when The Severence occured.
