## Alignment
Unaligned
Home of the Fey
## About
The Feywild comes across to many as a plane that is incomplete, as if it was a testing ground for what is now the Material and Shadow plane. While the Feywild is considered a “Base” plane, it somehow exists behind both the Material and Shadow plane.

The reason people believe the Feywild to be unfinished is due to its lack of fixed universal laws of physics, gravity is inconsistent and time is unreliable, just to name a few. The Feywild is an infinite plane of constantly varying wilderness, as if the wilderness itself is alive. Conditions vary dramatically from place to place, what would be considered to be laws of nature on the Material Plane are no more than local by-laws in the Feywild, and even these by-laws can be overturned (even unconsciously) by those with sufficient willpower. Times and distances are unreliable in the Feywild. Areas of stability do exist but do not last long in the ever changing environment.

There are areas in the Material, Shadow and Feywild where all planes come close, in these areas each plane's influence seeps into the other affecting the area around it. In the Material Plane these areas are generally wild places far from civilization, often marked by mounds, stones, or rings of earth or mushrooms and are inhabited by minor Fey, like Sprites. Folk tales tell of people accidentally wandering into these areas only to end up in the Feywild or getting tricked by the more tricky Fey into stepping through.
No beings rule the Feywild, but its most powerful beings are called Arch Fey. Each is equally mysterious and cares less for lesser beings, unless they pique their interest but all command great respect or fear from the other inhabitants of the Feywild, being similar in power to Planar Exemplars they also have the power to bestow power to those they deem interesting.
Soul Cycle

The Feywilds connection to the Soul Cycle is complicated to say the least, to say it has no connection could be misleading as it does interact with it but not in the way the other planes do. You see, due to the Feywilds placement in the Planar structure, overlapping with both the Material and Shadow Plane, the connection to the Cycle of Souls is blocked. While this does mean the inhabitants of the Fey are effectively immortal, it also means that for the more powerful Fey travelling to other Planes, unassisted, is difficult or maybe even impossible. When a Fey is “killed” its energy is returned to the Feywild, for most Fey the energy collects back and reforms creating a new Fey. Even though the connection to the Soul Cycle is limited it does not stop new Fey from being created, souls entering or leaving either the Material or Shadow Plane pass through the Feywild. These souls that pass through leave behind energy that coalesces and becomes what are known as Fey creatures.

Due to this interaction with the Soul Cycle, even though the Feywild does not actually take the souls but takes the energy that the souls leave behind when they pass through, some of the more zealous Psychopomps have come to feel anger towards the Feywild. They see even taking this energy as theft and even though it’s not possible some have even tried to take the energy back, only to be met with frustration and failure.
## The Titans
Long ago, when the Feywild covered the entirety of Omnia, The Titans - Kings and Queens of Nature - roamed the land. These behemoths and leviathans were tantamount to gods of Fey and for countless aeons, these incomprehensible beasts ensured that no civilisations could form and spoil the perfect nature. During the Golden Age, Ananoris sent the Titans into an eternal slumber beneath the crust of Omnia. 
