### Level 4

## History
Falcon’s Hollow has had numerous tragedies and violent conflicts with monstrous neighbours during its century and half of its history. Tales of those events are passed on from one generation to the next, cobbled together from gossip sessions known alternatively as “cutting dust” (chatting in the cutyards) and “blowing cinders” (telling tales around the hearth fire at one of the town’s taverns). 
	Founded 200 years ago, Falcon’s Hollow was hastily erected by a company offshoot group from The Trickster’s Dice, the Lumber Consortium. Over those first desperate years, Falcon’s Hollow successfully clung to its existence in the face of wild beasts, monstrous threats from deep within the surrounding Darkmoon Vale, and other horrific trials made all the more desperate by the self absorbed leadership from the Lumber Consortium itself.
	The survival of Falcon’s Hollow is a testament to the steely resolve of its three founding families: the taciturn Larko Clan, the brave Samkils, and the brutal Kreeds. These families weathered the Harp-Hag Massacre of 75 years ago, finally ending that conflict by marrying a Larko son off to one of the hag Ulizmila’s seemingly innumerable daughters. They endured the decade long period known as the Misery, which claimed many of the children of Falcon’s Hollow until the attic whisperer responsible was defeated by the eldest of the Kreed daughters, Balkri. 
	Eventually the three founding families began to die off. The Hobgoblin strife 20 years ago claimed the last living scion of the Samkil family, though more than a few old-timers insist that the crossbow bolt buried in the young Jebrika Samkil’s back bore a suspicious resemblance to those used by Kreed’s patriarch. Then, only 10 years ago, the Falcon’s Feud culminated in the eradication (by mass burning) of the Larko Clan by a panicked mob who had come to believe that the Larkos had become “unnatural folk” - changelings and stranger kin (thanks in no small part to the rumormongering from Kreed lips). Today, Thuldrin Kreed and his son Jurin are the only surviving descendants of the original founding families, and the sole owner of the whole region’s Lumber Consortium chopping rights. 

## Daily Life
Far from the cares and demands of civilisation, the dense forest and crystalline river near Falcon’s Hollow might seem to promise freedom, but in truth, those who dwell here do so under the oppressive auspices of the Lumber Consortium and Thuldrin Kreed’s harsh vigilance. 

Despite the hardships the people have faced, the resilient folk of Falcon’s Hollow find grim pride in their work. The cutyards are a pumping, bleeding heart of the town, with shifts around the clock cutting and shipping darkwood and other lumber down the River Foam. Laborers break their backs and lose limbs to saw and axe in the yards, seemingly aging several years for each one day spent toiling under these grueling conditions. They’re a rough and honest (for the most part) folk who generally don’t turn to heroes - their problems are their own. Though they’re usually too proud to look to strangers for deliverance, recent events have forced some of the townsfolk to ask for help.
	This cutyard culture dates back over a century, with rituals persisting from the earliest years of Falcon’s Hollow. Disputes between loggers are settled on the river in a bout referred to as a “loggerheads”. Every so often, a shout rings through the yard with one logger challenging another to go loggerheads on their dispute. The combatants balance on logs in the water with a length of timber in hand. The first battered into the water is pulled out by the rest of the crew and acknowledges the truth of the other’s claims. Some superstitious loggers believe the water sprites judge the contests and take delight in ensuring the wronged party gets vengeance, even in defiance of the competitors’ comparative strengths and skills. From that moment on, the dispute is “given to the river” and no one speaks of it again. This phrase is also common parlance for a slight judged unworthy of actual dispute, with grumblers urged to give their complaints to the river and move on. Old Kreed approves of this logger justice, citing the old maxim, “People are soft and bend to lies. Timber is hard; let it decide.” 

Ultimately, Falcon’s Hollow isn’t the nicest place to live. Many of the buildings are run-down, and just as many of its citizens are foul-tempered at best or downright cruel at worst. There are holdouts of kindness and patience in the town (such as the Temple of Iroas set up long ago), but for the most part, travelers shouldn’t expect automatic friendship with the locals. However, for some less reputable visitors, Falcon’s Hollow gives them a place to call home. 

## Threats
The forests crawl with kobolds, who often strike out at unwary travelers - especially traveling merchants.Undead have also been a problem recently, with some tying the unliving’s presence to the long ago eruption of Iroas’ Crag, which is now just called The Rend. The leadership is also uncaring, and will not step in to save the people unless there’s something in it for the business of the Lumber Consortium; with kobolds and undead usually only striking out at smaller groups, and not the well guarded caravans of lumber, they don’t care if a few people go missing once or twice a month. Despite the amount of lumber taken from the area, there is still a large wild forest surrounding the area which is filled with violent wildlife; thankfully most do not come near the town, but it does mean anyone unlucky enough to find themselves in the forest may well find their death before the way out.

##Population
Falcon’s Hollow had a total population of 1400, with 95% of these being human, 3% halflings, 1% elves, and 1% other. Changelings are particularly looked down upon - and anyone else who may have a monstrous nature to them. 

Religion is not an important part of Falcon’s Hollow, and besides a tiny group of Iroas worshippers, most people would turn to the Trickster in a pinch.
