### Level 6

## History
Petragenis, like many of the settlements around New Methismenos, was set up initially as a trading post between the dwarves and the humans of the Five Kingdoms. Sponsored 333 years ago by the Hol Maldur stone merchant guild in cooperation with the human settlers of a small hamlet called Aston, work on Petragenis was funded because of a large quarry uncovered by Ancalagon’s Wake. Initially, the plan was for this new town to keep Aston as its name and for the mine to be called Petra Genis, but the quarry work overshadowed the hamlet’s output and the entire area became colloquially known by the mine’s combined name. 
	As work continued for 50 years, veins of rich iron gave way to an even more exciting discovery. The dwarfs digging unveiled a deeper chamber flush with adamantium; while outnumbered 100 to 1 by the tonnes of iron above, the price of this precious metal was close to invaluable. With stronger equipment needed from New Methismenos, word got out about the find and even those from the Five Kingdoms in the south became interested in this discovery. Scholars and legendary blacksmiths flooded in, setting up a school which turned into a university. Gentrification took hold of the mining village, and while work continued, the miners could no longer afford to live anywhere but the outskirts - to be known as the “Gangue”.
For those who benefited from these new riches, discovery of precious metal continued to increase - the chamber of adamantium led to a cave of cold iron, and then to djezet, siccatite, and even mithral. Scholars theorized how such an unusual collection of precious metals could have come about - some believed it was the treasures of Old Methismenos returned to the earth, others believed it was a dragon’s horde and that digging would only lead the dwarfs to a fiery death. A more radical offshoot group of Breithmaen clerics demanded that the digging did not continue deeper, claiming that they had found a mathematical constant within each of the caves and that they could not have formed by chance - they claimed it must have been divine inspiration that created these chasms, and that digging too deep would only invoke divine wrath. 
Regardless of the priests’ declarations, the dwarfs continued to dig and drive wealth into the town with no ill effect. Even the most skeptical of the miners noted how unusually clean the caves were - the more superstitious of them thought that the cave itself was inviting its wealth to be plundered as a gift from Iroas. The most brazen of these groups declared that these veins of metal were indeed the lost wealth of their destroyed city, and that they were being gifted what was rightfully theirs. Whatever the truth was, Petragenis itself flourished both economically and culturally, with Rigiths University becoming an educational institute to rival anything in New Methismenos, and multiple governmental buildings being set up to control the flow of these precious goods. 
After exactly 222 years of digging, the final chamber of metal was uncovered by the dwarfs. Unlike the others, this was no was no welcoming cave; the heat was intense, and toxic, flammable fumes jetted out from the rocky walls. For most, this was enough to pack up the pickaxes and leave - of course, if Iroas had permitted them such an easy and valuable dig because he wished to gift them with what was lost, then surely this inhospitable environment was a warning. Others, however, saw it as a challenge. The Breithmaen clerics gave another declaration that this chamber - more than any of them - was not to be entered, and any who did would be struck down as soon as pickaxe met stone. This fell upon deaf ears, and the miners rebutted that the town would have never grown if they always heeded warnings of the cowardly. They traveled deep into Petra Genis with protective gear and entered the final chamber, finding a vein of unidentified white stone that sparked with electricity. The few scholars that had the chance to see this stone could not agree upon its function or use for even the miners seemed terror struck at the idea of mining it. They took their meager findings to the university, and it’s thought to be at this point that the miners inside gathered their courage to make their move. No one is certain what happened in the cave; when the miners did not return, a search party was sent down to investigate, and they found a smooth wall where the final chamber was. 
After that point, people became very uneasy about Petra Genis mine, and many left, leaving only Rigiths University as an attraction to the south in Petregenis. During this time, the clerics of Breithmaehut decreed that they had been right in their warnings about the dwarfs’ greed, and that the town should steer itself to a more ‘proper’ way of making its fortune - lest everything fall to ruin. In the ensuing years, the town was left with no choice but to capitalise on the educational aspects it was prided on, and many turned to Breithmaen worship. 

## Daily Life
For those who have money in Petragenis, life is rather idillic; the environment is temperate and the 'higher' jobs that exist within the university and local government pay well enough for those lucky enough to find themselves in them not to go hungry. More than that, the town is protected by [[New Methymaenos]] and so banditry and roaming monsters are uncommon.

However, life is far more miserable for those who used to work in the Petra Genis mine. Many have lost their livelihoods as the mines have dried up (or become 'cursed') and so try to subside on whatever meagre jobs they can find. While some are still employed in the mines, others have had to try to farm the rocky lands around the village, others have taken up the dangerous job of hunter, and some have left to try and join the ranks of Methymaenos as cheap sellswords. While the base of society crumbling, even those more well off have noticed the foundations of daily life fraying at the edges.

## Threats
Due to being situated only a small distance from New Methismenos, and with plenty of money for a good guard force, Petrigenis is considered very safe. However, lately there has been an increase in banditry, goblin attacks on the road, and sightings of unusual serpentine creatures in the sky. While most just grumble that it’s a sign of the times, some fear that this uptick in chaos foreshadows a greater disaster yet to come. 

Some also tell of something lurking within the mine - whether a force that was always there, a rumour, or a new malignant resident, only the very bravest dare venture in to collect the wealth of precious metals that have yet to be mined. Only a few have made it out alive, and none seem to be able to explain what happened while they were in there. 

## Population
The population of Petrigenis is shrinking, but stands at around 540 people, with the majority (60%) being human and a substantial minority being dwarfs (35%). The remaining 5% consists of halflings, and a single gnome who left the nearby Fae to take up 'mortal' life.
