### Level 12

## About
Originally named “New Methaemenos Trading Outpost” by the Ratfolk, it is situated on the border of the Underdark, it was originally and still is a trade hub created by the Ratfolk to commence trade with the Dwarves of New Methaemenos. While in the beginning relationships between the Ratfolk and Dwarves was strained at best, as each race had their own ideals, each realised that they had a lot to gain from working together and so both races signed a trade treaty and the “New Methaemenos Trading Outpost” was constructed. In this treaty the Ratfolk would gain resources; food, minerals and other necessities, from or near the surface that were rare or impossible to cultivate in the Underdark and the Dwarves in turn would receive resources that were scarce or unobtainable near the surface as well as some of the technological inventions of the Ratfolk.

As the years went on interest in the Underdark grew and people making their way into the Underdark would pass through the “New Methaemenos Trading Outpost” using it as a sort of check point, the Ratfolk didn’t mind as long as they didn’t interrupt their work, for most people this would be the first time people would see the technological advancement of the Ratfolk even if was just a glimpse. As more people started to make their way to the outpost its size grew and people eventually started to settle at the trading post and before long it grew from a trading post into a full on town. While its inhabitants are mainly Ratfolk and Dwarves, there are a range of races living in the town, most are Adventurers and Merchants but many others like Blacksmiths, Crafters and many more made their way to the town, even some Ratfolk moved from the City to set up workshops and crafting shops.

The town has grown from an outpost to a town and consists of many facilities that you would find in a normal town; Inns, Taverns, Weapons and Armour stores and even an Adventurer's Guild. The town was named Sqeakhaven after a few rowdy drunken Dwarves spread the rumour that the town was going to be renamed, sadly the name ended up sticking. Though most Ratfolk still call the town by its original name.

Squeakhaven is located in a large open area along a large cliff that leads to the Underdark, a majority of the town reside on the top half; things like residential, shops, inns and taverns and on the bottom of the cliff sits the more industrial side of the town; workshops and storage facilities a large cargo elevator connects the two areas and in recent years a personal elevator was added for convenience, along the cliff is a few steep but still maintained paths. A large strong flowing river runs through the town and down the cliff, used as the town's water supply but also supports the Ratfolks water wheels that power the various workshops and elevators.
