“Since time immemorial, our world has known the grace of the Gods. From the stalwart, fierce valor of Iroas, to the playful, yet dangerous ways of Tantalos. Omnia has ever felt their presence, their power and many believe we are better for it. In my travels, however, I have seen the side of our world that rejects the Gods. The abandoned, the betrayed, the disgraced, all manner of people whose lives have been made lesser, in their eyes, because of the Gods. While I do not doubt the influence of the divinity has benefited mortal kind, I cannot help but ponder the idea of a world where the pantheon does not exist as it is today. Could things have been different? Should they be?”
				-Djura Vǫrðr - Grandmaster of Yvalys’ Blades

## Description
The relationship between Gods and Mortals is a simple one, based on exchange. In exchange for their protection and fragments of their power, or “blessings”, the mortals of Omnia offer up praise and worship to the entity that has blessed them. With these blessings have mortals gone on to do great things; vanquish great evils, champion unshakable ideals, and even sow the seeds of discord. All of this benefits mortal kind and, equally, fuels the power of the Gods. This status quo has been maintained for millennia, and the world did prosper for it. That is, most of the world.

In dark corners, the shadowed hearts of those whose lives have known suffering, despair, and anguish called out, pleaded for their Gods to save them, to ferry them unto happiness and prosperity, but they would not. Loved ones, lost at the hands of malefic men, were not given the justice they deserved because of the codes and “order” of the Gods. Those whose free spirits and fervent desires to bring about good, honest change, were corrupted by the honeyed words of Godly men, acting in the names of their lords, and those who were forced to act in the name of something they didn’t believe, only to be left lesser for it. The veil of divine deliverance and bliss covers a bleak, abandoned people who cry out for justice, for deliverance…for freedom. And to this cacophony of despair, growing ever louder and ever clearer over the centuries, the voices of all mortal kind would be lent. 

Thousands of years ago, there existed a circle of mages who had grown up in such a world. Empowered by suffering and a world of blissful, painful ignorance, they would work. Decades of study of the arcane and the divine, a lifetime of toil and teachings that, eventually, brought forth a rite of terrifying power. With this ritual, mortals now possessed the power to create their own God; one born of belief, of passion and sacrifice. From among the “faithful” was a man chosen, his name now lost to time, to be the vessel of this new divinity and with the souls of thousands who had suffered and struggled all because of the “Gods”, Ilberalis came to be. A creature of chaos, but one that would bring true liberation to all its followers, and not bind them to lofty ideals. A creature of order, but one that would have its followers live their own lives, free of codes constructed by an entity that did not understand the souls of mortals. Ilberalis would take His faithful into the future on His wings, and this future would be one where mortals would be truly, finally, free.

## Titles:
	- They Who Will Free Mortal Kind
	- The Shadow of Deliverance 
	- The Will of Omnia

## Iconography: 
Ilberalis’ symbol is a runic circle, comprised of a variety of seemingly unknown runes and scrawlings. In truth, and this truth is a long-guarded secret of his following, this symbol is half of the original rune used in the Rite of Ascension, split and hidden with Ilberalis’ faithful.

## Associated Species:
Any mortal creatures that walk Omnia.

## Tenets: 
Break the chains of the Betrayer Gods. They would see our world suffer for their satisfaction. Do not give it unto them willingly.
See the suffering of thy neighbour. Let no honest cry go unheard.

## Alignment:
While not confined to the alignments imposed through the teachings of other gods, Ilberalis’ power, much like His purpose, is Chaotic in nature. However, followers of all creeds may serve him and his ideals

## Appearance: 
Depictions of Ilberalis are few, but what is recorded depicts him as a faceless, cloaked figure. His attire adorned with chains - all broken - and on His back, four seemingly angelic wings. These wings are black, yet shown to shimmer with an endless array of colours; indicative of the chaotic, yet colourful and multi-faceted nature of mortal kind.
Several scriptures depict him wielding a blade and a staff. The blade, a jagged, bloody longsword with the hilt bearing His sigil, is known as Separundus, the Blade of Severence, which Ilberarlis would use to not only sever Omnia from the Gods, but the hands of the Gods from the souls of mortals. In his other hand is Texiterum, the Weaver. When His work is done, it is said that Ilberalis shall use this mighty staff to weave the world anew, freeing it from the falsehoods of the Betrayer Gods.

## Worship:
Ilberalis’ worship, fleeting as it is, is practiced by a secretive group known as The Quesirati, the “Seekers of Freedom”. Their halls of worship, if they do exist, are hidden. Knowledge of The Quesirati had all but vanished from the world, with the common man knowing little of it, and knowledge of their existence being hidden by the highest of orders. Yet, one does not need to pray to Ilberalis. Discontentment with the world, a desire for change and even the simple desire for things to be better are what fuel his power.

Followers of Ilberalis are known as “Bearers”, though this often has a prefix associated with a specific role. Keepers of his knowledge and teachings are referred to as Word-bearers. His warriors, Blade-bearers. A simple title, but one that can help The Quesirati blend in with the surrounding populace of Omnia. Most people will simply think it a self-styled title and leave it at that, unable to discern the truth behind it.

## The Long Dark: 
It would happen in an instant. The realms shook as the Rite of Ascension came to its conclusion. Upon the souls of those who gave themselves to pave the path to mortal kind’s true future, He would rise. Ilberalis, born of a burning desire for freedom, would anoint His faithful, the very mages who spent their lives crafting the Rite of Ascension, as Primus Veritas, the First of His Truth. Granting them power, He would take them with Him as he began his war on the divine realms. For His children, the sons and daughters of Omnia, He would impart a gift. A veil, black as night, to cover the world, shielding it from the Betrayer Gods. This blanket of endless night would enshroud the world for half a century; a time period that would come to be recorded as The Long Dark. Records of this event exist, but deviate from the truth, calling it a “celestial event” that would block out the sun and its light, bringing the world to near ruin, only for it to be saved through tireless work and prayer to the Gods. 

For 50 years, the Quesirati would work in His name to bring the people of Omnia into the true faith. Bastions of the Betrayer Gods would be sieged, their icons and relics put to the torch, all in the name of They Who Will Deliver Mortal Kind. The faithful of the Betrayer Gods would find their powers diminished due to Ilberalis’ veil, stifling their connection to their deities, and in so doing, depriving the Gods of their fonts of worship. The campaign would engulf Omnia, nearly bringing the faith of Ilberalis to completion. Yet, it was not to be. 

Across the realms, they fought. Ilberalis and his Primus Vertias, the Gods and their Champions. The clashes of power wrought havoc throughout the outer planes, threatening to dissolve the barriers between them. In an act of desperation and shocking cooperation, the Gods would pool their magics into crafting the perfect prison. The Forgemaster would bring his peerless skill and craftsmanship, forging the prison out of pure power. Within these foundations, the words of Breithmaehut. Infallible logic, forged into the prison so that it’s mere existence would become an immutable truth of creation. To counteract the everchanging nature of Ilberalis, Tantalos would lend his very essence; Chaos incarnate. They knew He could not be destroyed, so imprisonment was the only recourse. In one final, desperate clash, the Gods channelled their power to bind Ilberbalis, sealing Him, His champions, and the very knowledge of the Rite of Ascension, away for eternity. 

The veil would lift, the light of the Gods would return to Omnia, and The Quesirati would find themselves powerless, their God sealed and cut off from their source of power. The faithful of the Omnian Gods would take up arms, their power restored, and hunt these heretics across the land. Knowledge of Ilberalis was quelled, His worship outlawed and His followers put to the sword. In time, He would fade from the histories of the world, passing into myth and legend. Yet, in the hearts of mortal kind, discontent, rage and despair would ever take root, and the desire for change and freedom could bloom once again. 
